hey guys my name is Julianna Valencia
and welcome to my channel if it's your
first time here welcome I'm so glad that
you're here and if you are my
subscribers then welcome back today I'll
be doing a video that I've never done on
my channel and that's a current favorite
and the reason I thought of doing this
video is because I was looking for
makeup I'm not a makeup guru I do hair
and my hair blogger is always looking
for makeup to buy and I was clueless um
where to start there's nothing wrong
with sponsor videos I do sponsor videos
myself but I was so confused
on whether the product was ranked above
because it was sponsored or if it was
something they used every day I was so
clueless so I thought hmmm if people are
interested in hair products and want
more information on what to buy I should
create a video to help people know what
I love and unspun serd video and I'm not
going to pay to rave about any of these
products these are products that either
have a paid for with my own money or be
that were sent to me just because and I
decided to make a video and include all
of the products that I'm currently
loving and also if you guys are
wondering um what I use in my regular
hair routines I do upload seasonal hair
routines I don't think I have a spring
one yet and in those videos I do not do
any sponsor products those are my actual
hair routines at the moment go to those
videos I'll leave all those videos down
in the description box below and I'll
probably do an updated spring routine or
just an updated routine very soon so the
first products that I'm going to start
with have been in my life the whole time
and I'm including them again because
I've been using them lately and the
first one is Aussie um I just realized
this is not awesome oiss this is Aldi
miraculously smooth but Aussie
conditioners are amazing Aussie moist is
one of my favorite conditioner
I didn't even realize this was an Aussie
boys but it's exactly the same smell
slightly different I've been using this
ever since I went natural and I actually
uses as a leave-in conditioner for like
the first three four years of being
natural this was like the only pretty
much the only product I use now I use
leave-in conditioners and gels and stuff
but this is still one of my number one
favorite conditioners because it has so
much lip it smells amazing and it's just
awesome so if you're a newly natural or
you just haven't found a conditioner to
use I always recommend people to start
off with this one because I think that
it's amazing and I think that it'll give
you a good base for how other
conditioners should behave like this
this to me is as good as it gets and
it's only like $7 but it's really really
affordable so the next one is another
one of my all-time favorites and if you
don't use gel like that you'll probably
think this is hilarious but eco styler
yes I buy the 5 pound jar of eco styler
because I live in a house with two other
Naturals so actually know my little
brother counts so for Naturals and we
can go through eco scholars so this one
is actually one of my favorite eco
solace is the eco styler super protein
and it has max tin hold what I also
really like about this is that it's
black brown dark brown I think see so
when you put it on if you have dark hair
it doesn't show maybe it's all in my
head but this one seems to have the best
hold out of all of them next will be
crystal for me crystal or crystal k ry s
tal that one that one is awesome but
this one just seems to have a little bit
more hold but it still makes my hair
feel soft how I like to use gels is I've
my conditioners on first and then I put
the gel on top I never just used gel
alone I always put a leave-in
conditioner or regular conditioner on
first it's a lot of people ask me how to
avoid crunchiness so that's a good tip
the next one hmm where do i sir okay so
this next one I think I've been a pet
for over a year this is and you can see
it's like so greasy the everything is
like the print is fading off this is the
rooted treasure organic Jamaican black
castor oil and I keep this beside my bed
like literally next to my bed all the
time because it is so moisturizing I use
this sometimes for hair I mostly use it
for like my hands to moisturize my hands
at the end of the night took it on my
lips to make sure that my cuticles don't
crack but you can also use it for your
hairline if you're having anything and
edges castor oil jamaican black castor
oil in particular it's great for hair
growth
I've been trying out different oils and
I've been using this sometimes as an oil
for my skull so I really love this I'm
now going to go into things that I
haven't been using for my whole hair
journey but things that I recently found
out that are amazing because I'm a hair
blogger so I get to try out a lot of
products and a lot of them are really
good but there are some that just stand
out a little bit more than the rest and
I'm gonna have to say that oh rsg butter
and coconut line oh my gosh this stuff
is amazing it is everything that I want
in a leave-in conditioner it has slip
it's super moisturizing and it's thick
now if you have thin hair I don't know
if I would suggest you to use this
product but for me my hair is really
thick and it tends to be very dry so I
like to put this on after I get off the
shower I like to put this on as my
leave-in conditioner this one is the
butter cream Stalin smoothie and I also
like to put this hydrating hair butter
on on top of
and this is kind of like this is very
thick I would say it's in between like
the texture of an edge control and the
texture of a leave-in conditioner I'm
pretty much running out I would actually
buy this so these two are something that
have really stood above the rest and I
would definitely be purchasing and it
makes my hair so soft is shiny so this
next one isn't really new to me I've
been using this brand for a long time
this exact product has just never
disappointed me let me get to it this is
the cream of nature shampoos now this
one is the strengthening shampoo
honestly me and my sister were talking
about it earlier at cream of nature does
not disappoint when it comes to their
cleansers their cleansers are one point
they feel moisturizing they have a
little bit of slip and this is what
sulfate free this one is a sulfate free
but I have one upstairs from this line
the argan oil line and it is sulfate
free and they're very cleansers are on
point if you're looking for like a wash
routine and you're just starting I
definitely recommend cream of nature
cleansers if you're into sulfate for you
definitely do the soap everyone and
awesome oyster this will be a great like
starter kit or a newly natural or
someone who just wants to try out new
products so the next one actually isn't
a hair product it's more like a hair
tool and if you guys follow me on
snapchat I was talking pretty bad about
this thing my snapchat is Jujubee and so
it's my Instagram and this was sent to
me in like a hair box um this is the
Felicia Leatherwood detangling brush and
I was talking pretty bad about this
but I just felt like it was not a good
detangling tool and I'll tell you guys
why so these bristles
do not move it says like super flexible
this is the only part of this brush that
is sorry it has a conditioner in here
because I just used it last night but
this is the only part that's flexible I
don't know about you guys but this isn't
really going to do anything to help my
hair not break off this is a part of a
detangling tool that I really pay
attention to you and they are these
bristles are so stiff however I don't
use it for detangling after I finger
detangle my hair thoroughly finger
detangle my hair I actually like to use
this to smooth my curls out it works so
good guys I like I don't like to eat the
diamond brush to do that because it like
it leaves a frizz and it makes a really
odd texture in my hair this is almost
like finger detangling like 2.0 because
the bristles are far apart um they're
pretty stiff it is not really changing
the texture of your hair more so
smoothing your hair so this is a tool
that I have been using like probably
every single wash day so the next one is
something that I recently have not
recently it's been like over a month now
um this is the dark and lovely
all-natural clumping curl clay cleanser
this is amazing guys I was at a dark and
lovely event miraculously it was the
same day that I got my hair cut um and
they had bottles of these in the gift
bags guys this is amazing oh my gosh so
this is like a cleanser but it's so
moisturizing and I'm talking
moisturizing enough to where I can
detangle with it so this is awesome if
you have dry hair and if you
like your cleansers drying out your hair
definitely recommend the clay clumping
curl clumpy groom yeah clumping curl
cleanser this stuff is also this next
one is this curls blueberry bliss
reparative hair wash and this stuff is
really awesome okay so I've been using
this a lot but what I would say about it
is it's very moisturizing and very
gentle but I use eco styler on my hair
and sometimes gentle - gentle is means
that it's not going to get rid of that
product build-up and I'm going to be
left with links on my hair so this is
something that I definitely recommend
for people who don't really use such
thick products that typically leave
product build up like eco styler shea
butter
um cocoa butter stuff like that with
stuff like that or people who don't use
silicones but this stuff is really
really awesome I like to use it um you
guys if you follow me you guys not like
to wash the length of my hair so this is
something that is really really gentle
on the length of my hair my hair never
feels dry out using either of these um I
just think that this one is more gentle
almost like a kids wash I can be great
for a children's hair wash adults too
but it's very gentle and this one has a
little bit more cleansing capabilities
and it's you can literally be tangled
with it if you use enough so this last
one is something that I has been new to
like my hair routine since getting my
hair cut so this is the innate life
scalp treatment and if you guys know
before I don't know if I've ever
outright said it or if I just responded
to people who ask me um they asked me
what do I put on my skull well before I
didn't put anything on my scalp at all
now like I said I've been trying to have
different oils on my hair i've been
using olive oil all my bees and jamaican
black castor oil i've tried out KOA nut
oil this is the oil that i really like
because it not only has oil and in the
first ingredient is coconut oil is
second is shea butter it also has
essential oils as well such as
peppermint oil orange oil and lavender
oil and it's really great ingredients in
here this brand is known to have really
natural ingredients so i've been using
it on my hair too on my scalp to
moisturize my skull and whenever I do
scalp massages so that is it I think
this is ten products one two three four
five six seven eight nine ten yeah so I
guess I can change this to my top 10
current phase if you guys enjoyed this
video or if you like more videos like
this where I'm sharing with you you know
products that I'm currently using and
describing them then please give me a
thumbs up and let me know down and the
comments comment your favorite hair
product below your current fave I hope
you guys enjoyed this video again
remember to give it a thumbs up if you
liked it and subscribe if you haven't
already I would love to have you I hope
you guys have a great day and thank you
so much for watching but